{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red16\green60\blue192;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11960\viewh8760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear Alroy, Jesus and James,\'a0\
\
I\'92m an engineer and software developer interested in working at Voltera in the role of Lead Software Developer. \'a0I first saw your product last year during your Kickstarter campaign and I was immediately interested in the idea. \'a0I thought it was a great product that could help save a lot of time and mess. \'a0I saw your post on the Waterloo Tech Jobs website, and feel like I have the necessary skills and experience to help build the V-One. My resume is attached for your perusal. \'a0\
\
I had many opportunities as part of the co-op program at the University of Waterloo to design, develop, and distribute software. At Apple Inc. I designed and developed an internal application for testing location algorithms that included iOS, OS X, and server-side components using Cocoa, Objective-C, C++, and Python. \'a0Full details of my work experience can be found in my attached resume. On my own time, I\'92ve built several smaller side-projects which you can find on my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ddajohnson.com/projects"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 personal website}} including a website for my\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://beardedbaritones.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 barbershop quartet}}. \'a0These projects show my ability to design good-looking and usable software and demonstrate my abilities with Javascript, HTML, and CSS.\'a0\
\'a0\'a0\
I recently graduated with a Masters degree in Systems Design Engineering from the University of Waterloo. While my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ddajohnson.com/research"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 research there}} was unrelated to electronics, it provided me with significant background in the mathematics you indicated would be useful. The simulation of multi-body biomechanics requires vector manipulation, optimization, interpolation, and path-planning. \'a0In addition, my research involved the development of sophisticated control systems for optimally controlling the golf swing. \'a0\
\
I\'92m excited by the chance to work in a dynamic, startup work environment.\'a0 I\'92d love to have a chance to talk with you about your company and where I might fit.\'a0 I hope to hear from you soon. \'a0\
\
\'97Daniel Johnson}